the medium sized bird has a dark grey color, a black downward curved beak, and long wings.
the bird is dark grey brown with a thick curved bill and a flat shaped tail.
bird has brown body feathers, white breast feathers and black beak
this bird has a dark brown overall body color, with a small white patch around the base of the bill.
the bird has very long and large brown wings, as well as a black body and a long black beak.
it is a type of albatross with black wings, tail, back and beak, and has a white ring at the base of its beak.
this bird has brown plumage and a white ring at the base of its long, curved brown beak.
the entire body is dark brown, as is the bill, with a white band encircling where the bill meets the head.
this bird is gray in color, with a large curved beak.
a large gray bird with a long wingspan and a long black beak.
a medium sized bird that has a white belly and a very short stout bill
this is a black bird with a white eyering and a white belly and a orange bill
this is a bird with a white belly, black back and an orange beak.
a large goofy looking bird with a blunt beak and white stripe behind its eye.
black bird with white belly and breast. distinctive orange rounded small bill and white eyebrow.
this bird is black with white and has a very short beak.
this bird is white and black in color, with a bright colored beak.
bird with a black back and white belly with a distinctive white superciliary.
this bird is white and black in color, and has a orange beak.
this is a large bird with a white breast and belly, black, crown, throat, wings, back, an unusual short orange bill, and white eyes.
this large bird has a bright orange bill, a white colored belly, and white eyebrows and cheek patches.
the bird has a white side and belly, with a yellow bill and black coverts.
this bird has a curved orange bill, a white cheek patch, and a white breast.
this bird has an orange bill and a white chest.
this bird has a large orange bill,a white belly, a brown & black side, and a white supercilliary.
this bird has an orange bill, a white belly and white eyebrows.
this bird has wings that are brown and has a white belly
this bird is white with black and has a very short beak.
this bird has an orange beak and a white belly.
this bird is brown with white and has a very short beak.
the bird has a black bill and a black eyering.
this bird has a black crown, chest, breast, vent and wings, as well as a white nape and back.
this bird has a wide straight bill, a white crown, and brown tarsuses and feet.
a small sized bird that is mostly black with a pointed bill
a small black and white bird with a short thick beak, black head with white on nape, wings, and tail.
this bird has feathers that are black with a white crown
this particular bird has a belly that is black and a white back
this bird has wings that are black and has a short bill
a small black bird with a white patch on its head
this bird has a black and brown breast coloration with a white neck
a small bird that is entirely blue except for it's white bill and black superciliary markings.
a blue and turquoise plump bird with black eyes and a small sand colored beak.
the bird has a white beak with black eyes and a blue body
this bird is bright blue with a black superciliary.
this is a blue bird with a small white beak.
this bird is very beautiful, all blue, and in a tree.
this blue and aqua bird has a light colored beak.
this bird is solid blue all over, with a straight bill
this bird is mostly blue with a blue crown and a bright yellow beak.
this bird has a blue crown with a blue belly and grey bill.
this bird is bright red with a black eyebrow and a large pointy beak.
the bird has a red overall body color aside from a black patch at the base of it's bill.
this bird is vivid red in color with a stubby red beak and black eye ring.
this bird is bright red with a red bill and just a little black surrounding the bill.
this is a red bird with a black ring around its beak and a red beak.
this bird is red with black and has a very short beak.
this red bird has a ruffled crown and pointed, red beak, with a black patch surrounding the base of the beak.
this red bird has a prominent crest and black cheek patch.
this bird has wings that are red and has an orange bill
a red bird with black around the throat and eyes
the bird has a yellow breast as well as belly that is fluffy.
this bird has a small bill, a yellow breast, and a white abodomen
this is a green and yellow bird it has a yellow belly
this bird has a bright yellow breast with a white belly but is otherwise dark grey with a white circle around its eye.
this small bird has a yellow belly and grey head and back with large black eyes.
this is a small bird, grey in color with a bright yellow breast
this color bird has a yellow breast, white stomach, black and white beak.
this bird is yellow with green and has a very short beak.
this bird has wings that are black and has a yellow belly
this small yellow breasted bird has a grey back and small bill.
this all black bird has a pointed bell and a sheen look to its feathers.
this bird is black with short wings and has a long, pointy beak.
this bird is black with a slight brown undertone, the beak, eyes and talons are also black in color.
this is a large black bird with black feet and a pointy black beak.
this bird is black with long legs and has a long, pointy beak.
the bird has a long black bill and a black breast.
an all black bird with a long black beak.
the bird is completely black with a long, sharp bill, and it's head is normal sized compared to it's body.
this bird has wings that are black and has a thick bill
this large bird has all black feathers and a black bill.
a large bird, mostly covered in black and has a long neck.
a large sized bird that has a long neck and a medium sized bill
this is a black bird with a red eye and a white beak.
a medium size bird with a black side and black back, with a red patch.
a bird with a long slender bill, orange cheek, long neck and black plumage.
this bird is black with red and has a long, pointy beak.
this bird has wings that are black and has a long bill
this particular bird has a belly that is black and a long narrow neck
this bird is black with a long neck, red eyering and a long white bill.
this bird has wings that are black and has a yellow bill
this is a brown bird with a tan breast and a dark brown wing.
this little bird is all tan and brown and has grey and tan spots on its wings.
a small multiple shades of brown bird with a long compared to its body beak.
this bird is brown in color with a curved brown beak, and brown eye rings.
this is a small light brown bird with wings and tail dappled brown and black.
a small brown bird with bill opened with different shades of brown primaries and secondaries.
the bird is various shades of brown with black in the feathers and has a yellow pointed beak.
the small bird has with a wide mouth, coffe colored feathers, and small feet.
this bird is gradient brown in color and is pretty small sized.
this is a mostly brown speckled bird with a yellow bill.
