the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the geographical shapes of the bright purple petals set off the orange stamen and filament and the cross shaped stigma is beautiful.
the purple petals have shades of white with white anther and filament
this flower has large pink petals and a white stigma in the center
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stamen
a flower with short and wide petals that is light purple.
this flower has small pink petals with a yellow center.
this flower has large rounded pink petals with curved edges and purple veins.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
these purple flowers look dull and boring. the leaves look as if they have not been kept in awhile.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped with purple stamen.
the flower is blue with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in bowl shape enclosing stamens
this flower has semi-sheer blue and lavender colored petals with rounded edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as black stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
a purple flower with smooth round petals
this flower has light blue petals with darker blue veins and dark stamen along with a white pistil.
this flower is purple in color with five petals, and greed pedecils.
the petals of the flower are bright purple while the sepals are green.
the flower has several purple petals with mossy looking pedicel
the flowers have green leaves, purple petals, dark purple stamen with lighter anthers.
this purple flower has petals that appear to be enmbracing each other to protect stamens.
the petals of the flower are dark purple in color with dark green leaves.
this flower has large and very delicate petals in shades of soft purple.
a blue flower with petals and the yellow stigma and anther and the leaves are green and thin
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower is purple and black in color, with wavy and thin petals.
the flower has petals that are purple and white with green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower has thin pointed green sepals with large thin purple petals with a rounded shape.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are closed,.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled inward.
large pedicel with five medium sized sepals with small narrow light yellow flowers.
this flower has purple and white petals that are folded upward together
a flower with a long and wide petals that is a light purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that have many veins.
this flower petals is light bluish and purplish color
this flower has petals that are purple with short stamen
this flower is star shaped with five pointed blue petals which are veined.
the flower has fused blue pointed petals and a fuzzy white stigma.
this flower has a star-like configuration of bright blue petals with prominent veins.
this flower has petals that are blue and has dark lines
this flower has thick, light purple petals and pistil.
the five purple petals form the shape of a star and have dark purple veins.
this flower has purple veined petals and a bright green pedicel.
this flower has a white wrapping floral bract as its main feature.
the pedicel is green in color,petal is large and rounded in shape
this flower is white and green in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has long thick big petals that appear to be connected as one big white petal that wraps around the flower.
this flower has cream colored petals shaped like a cone and light green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has a thick and very smooth yellow petal which is upturned slightly.
this flower has a green pedicel with a large white petal.
this particular flower has petals that are white and curved
this flower has a large white petal with a large yellow stigma in the middle
the flower has a very large yellow pollen tube with a white petal
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
white petal with a long yellow pollen tube and big green sepals.
a single, large, flat white petal that completely surrounds a yellow, protruding pistil.
a flower with one long and wide petal that is light pink.
a large white funnel shape flower with a long yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow style
this flower has one large petal and a large yellow pistil
this flower has a large, curved white petal with a pale yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
the flower shown has purple petals shaped like bells and a green pedicel
this flower has many tube-shaped purple petals hanging down with white and dark purple spots inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted in the center.
this flower has several bell shaped purple blossoms with curved mouths arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has petals that are purple has red dots
this flower has a long trumpet shape and is purple and white.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
the flower has purple and white spots on the petals with green stems
this flower has a number of different bell shaped blossoms that are purple in color.
the flower is a violet color with a distinct pattern on the petals that looks similar to a cheetah.
this unique flower features purple-pink petals and polka dots along them.
this flower features a purple bell shaped petal containing white and brown pattern on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower shown has petals with white spots on them
these bell shaped flowers have petals which are purple and white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has bell shaped purple petals with white spots.
a flower with long petals that are purple with specks and curled outward.
this flower has many different blossoms, all in the shape of bells, that are purple in color with spotting on the inside.
the flower head has a number of individual tube flowers that have red petals and pronounced stigma.
this flower has a dark red center surrounded by many long, very thin red petals which protrude in numerous directions.
this flower has petals that are red and stringy
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and skinny.
this flower has long red petals and dark red stigma coming out
an odd flower with red pedals and a green leaf underneath.
this flower has long and tube-rolled red petals which protrude in multiple directions.
this flower a strange looking red petals with green leaves
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
